## Wrap-up

Thank you for participating in the Bot solutions experience! We hope that you are excited about how you can use the Virtual Assistant Solution Accelerator alongside our bot services to create some interesting solutions of your own. Please feel free to refer back to this experience at any time to learn more about the solution accelerator, LUIS, and other Azure services that make these capabilities shine.

To recap, you experienced:

1. How to quickly get started with [LUIS](https://www.luis.ai/) to add natural language processing to your solutions.
2. Using the deployment scripts that come with the Virtual Assistant Solution Accelerator to create all of the Azure resources for you, as well as to train LUIS with thousands of text entries.
3. Exploring the Virtual Assistant starter solution, learning how things are laid out, which skills are included, and where to make modifications to the Automotive Skill if needed.
4. Using the Bot Framework Emulator to test your bot locally and examine the data being sent back and forth between your bot and its related services.
5. Exploring LUIS to see how intents, entities, and utterances are stored and relate to one another.
6. Viewing usage reports in LUIS to see how users are sending commands and how those commands translate to the most-used intents and entities, giving you insight into where to make improvements.

## Next steps

The Virtual Assistant solution accelerator is a great starting point for adding many new skills or updating existing ones to your bot. To address some of Contoso Auto's requirements, you may consider doing the following:

Contoso Auto wants to have the bot proactively alert the driver when there is a potential problem with the vehicle, which it detects by monitoring vehicle sensor data. Right now, the Automotive skill bot is exclusively reactive (user-initiated). However, you can proactively send messages that are triggered by external events by using a combination of the Bot Framework's `ContinueConversationAsync` function to patch into a previously started conversation, and the `ProactiveStateMiddleware` to store the previous conversation. Read more about [sending proactive messages](https://github.com/Microsoft/AI/blob/master/docs/virtual-assistant/proactivemessaging.md).

One of the experiences in this set of labs is to train a machine learning model to detect when a driver might have to change out the vehicle's battery, based on telemetry captured and stored for a given vehicle. Using [Azure Machine Learning](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/service/overview-what-is-azure-ml), you can manage and deploy that trained model either as a service hosted online, or on an edge device, such as [IoT Edge](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/about-iot-edge). An edge device would be the onboard computer that hosts the Automotive bot that interfaces with the vehicle's telematics solution to read sensor data and perform other vehicle functions. Your bot would need to be configured to either work with the machine learning model that's stored locally, or connect to the hosted machine learning model online. If you are going the online route, you would likely want to have an API layer between the onboard bot and the model. [Azure Functions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-overview) may be ideal for acting as the API, with [API Management]() serving as the API layer, providing a set of endpoints for multiple APIs, authentication services, rate-limiting, etc. Your function would accept the scoring request from the bot to check for any concerns about the vehicle based on telemetry data, and call out to this and other trained machine learning models for a prediction. It would then send a [proactive message](https://github.com/Microsoft/AI/blob/master/docs/virtual-assistant/proactivemessaging.md) to the bot. The bot could then alert the user if needed, and ask the user for an action. Such an action would be to find the nearest service center to set up an appointment. At this point, you could use the Points of Interest skill to find the nearest service center and get directions or contact information. The possibilities are nearly limitless on how you can add new capabilities to the bot.
